src/content/projects/personal-blog.md, before:

---
title: "Personal Blog & Portfolio"
description: "A command-line tool for managing Azure Privileged Identity Management (PIM) roles. Streamline the process of activating, deactivating, and listing PIM role assignments."
techStack:
  - Astro
  - TypeScript
  - Tailwind CSS
  - MDX
category: "Web Development"
liveUrl: "https://tapanmeena.com"
repoUrl: "https://github.com/tapanmeena/blog"
blogUrl: "https://tapanmeena.com/blog/cli-tools/test"
startDate: 2025-08-10
status: "in-progress"
featured: true
draft: false
---

## Overview

AZPM CLI is a command-line interface tool designed to simplify Azure Privileged Identity Management operations.

## Features

- **Quick Role Activation**: Activate eligible PIM roles with a single command

## Challenges

Building this tool required deep understanding of Azure's PIM APIs and authentication flows. Key challenges included:

1. Handling token refresh for long-running operations
2. Managing complex permission hierarchies
3. Providing meaningful errr messages for common failure scenarios

## Outcomes

The CLI has significantly reduced the time needed to activate PIM roles from ~2 minutes (portal navigation) to ~5 seconds (single command).

Commit message:

Refactor styles and structure for blog, contact, and project pages; add project detail and index pages; update RSS feed title and description; enhance project utility functions.

src/content/projects/personal-blog.md, after:

---
title: "Personal Blog & Portfolio"
description: "A modern, performant blog and portfolio site built with Astro. Features dark mode, content collections, and a timeline-based projects showcase."
techStack:
  - Astro
  - TypeScript
  - Tailwind CSS
  - MDX
category: "Web Development"
liveUrl: "https://tapanmeena.com"
repoUrl: "https://github.com/tapanmeena/blog"
blogUrl: "https://tapanmeena.com/blog/cli-tools/test"
startDate: 2025-08-01
status: "in-progress"
featured: true
draft: false
---

## Overview

This is my personal blog and portfolio website, built from scratch using Astro and modern web technologies. The site showcases my projects, technical blog posts, and professional journey.

## Features

- **Content Collections**: Type-safe blog posts and projects using Astro's content collections
- **Dark Mode**: Seamless light/dark theme switching with system preference detection
- **Timeline View**: Chronological project showcase with tech stack filtering
- **Performance First**: Static site generation for optimal loading speeds
- **SEO Optimized**: Proper meta tags, Open Graph, and structured data

## Technical Highlights

- Astro 5 with TypeScript for type safety
- Tailwind CSS v4 for styling
- Content stored in Markdown with frontmatter validation
- RSS feed generation
- Responsive design for all screen sizes

## Ongoing Work

Currently working on:

- Adding more interactive components
- Improving accessibility
- Adding search functionality
